Store test content in a custom metadata section. (#880)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Documentation/ABI/TestContent.md

| Windows | PE/COFF | `.sw5test`[^2] |

[^1]: SwiftWasm effectively uses the ELF format for its images, however it is
      currently always statically linked and runtime discovery is performed
      using a different mechanism than what we use on other ELF-based platforms.
[^2]: On Windows, the Swift compiler [emits](https://github.com/swiftlang/swift/blob/main/stdlib/public/runtime/SwiftRT-COFF.cpp)
      leading and trailing padding into this section, both zeroed and of size
      `MemoryLayout<UInt>.stride`. Code that walks this section can safely skip
      over this padding.

### Record headers

Regardless of platform, all test content records created and discoverable by the
testing library have the following layout:

```swift
typealias TestContentRecord = (
  kind: UInt32,
  version: UInt16,
  reserved1: UInt16,
  accessor: (@convention(c) (_ outValue: UnsafeMutableRawPointer, _ hint: UnsafeRawPointer?) -> CBool)?,
  context: UInt,
  reserved2: UInt
)
```

This type has natural size, stride, and alignment. Its fields are native-endian.
If needed, this type can be represented in C as a structure:

```c
struct SWTTestContentRecord {
  uint32_t kind;

>   uint16_t version;

Reviewer: Is the version per-kind or per-record? I think that if `version` is per-kind, this is just a differently named TLV record. If it is per-record, then it constrains the `kind` field as well and should really precede the `kind` field.

Author: Thinking about it more, we probably don't need the `version` field. 32 bits is a huge namespace for record kinds and can support basic versioning by just changing the record kind. to something new.

The bytes are still going to sit unused (extending `kind` to 64 bits would definitely be a waste of bytes) but the reserved field can just be 32 bits wide until we find something to use them for.

  uint16_t reserved1;
  bool (* _Nullable accessor)(void *outValue, const void *_Null_unspecified hint);
  uintptr_t context;
  uintptr_t reserved2;
};
```

### Record contents

#### The kind field

Each record's _kind_ determines how the record will be interpreted at runtime. A
record's kind is a 32-bit unsigned value. The following kinds are defined:

| As Hexadecimal | As [FourCC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FourCC) | Interpretation |
|-:|:-:|-|
| `0x00000000` | &ndash; | Reserved (**do not use**) |
| `0x74657374` | `'test'` | Test or suite declaration |
| `0x65786974` | `'exit'` | Exit test |

<!-- When adding cases to this enumeration, be sure to also update the
corresponding enumeration in TestContentGeneration.swift. -->

> #### The version field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The `version` field
```

Author: Backticks in headers aren't rendered correctly in GitHub.

> This field is currently always `0`. Implementations should ignore structures

Reviewer: I think that it should be stronger and say that the field must be zero. But, I think that the question above also influences what this text should read. It could be the initial release would have different versions for the different kinds (unless this is per-record).

Author: Moot if I remove the field.

with other version values.

#### The accessor field

The function `accessor` is a C function. When called, it initializes the memory
at its argument `outValue` to an instance of some Swift type and returns `true`,
or returns `false` if it could not generate the relevant content. On successful
return, the caller is responsible for deinitializing the memory at `outValue`

> when done with it.

Reviewer: This requires that we document the memory routines. Do we need to be concerned about module local memory allocators (and thus having to have an accessor for the allocation and deallocation routines)?

Author: `UnsafeMutablePointer.deallocate()` is expected. I'll make it explicit.

Author: Actually—allocation and deallocation of the memory is beyond the scope of the document. It's allocated by Swift Testing, not the C function.

> `accessor` is optional. If it is `nil`, the test content record is ignored. The

Reviewer: This feels contrary to the remaining paragraph. It is _required_ otherwise the record is ignored. This really reads as invalid records are ignored and `accessor` is currently mandatory.

Author: Will try to clarify.

Author: Tried to tweak the phrasing, but I'm not sure of a better way to say "if the bits in memory are `0`, we're going to ignore the record rather than crashing on a null pointer deref."

`hint` argument, the accessor behaves as if it matched (that is, no additional
filtering is performed.)

The concrete Swift type of the value written to `outValue` and the value pointed
to by `hint` depend on the kind of record:

- For test or suite declarations (kind `0x74657374`), the accessor produces an
  asynchronous Swift function that returns an instance of `Test`:

  ```swift
  @Sendable () async -> Test
  ```

  This signature is not the signature of `accessor`, but of the Swift function
  reference it writes to `outValue`. This level of indirection is necessary
  because loading a test or suite declaration is an asynchronous operation, but
  C functions cannot be `async`.

  Test content records of this kind do not specify a type for `hint`. Always
  pass `nil`.

- For exit test declarations (kind `0x65786974`), the accessor produces a
  structure describing the exit test (of type `__ExitTest`.)

  Test content records of this kind accept a `hint` of type `SourceLocation`.
  They only produce a result if they represent an exit test declared at the same
  source location (or if the hint is `nil`.)

> #### The context field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The `context` field
```

This field can be used by test content to store additional context for a test
content record that needs to be made available before the accessor is called:

- For test or suite declarations (kind `0x74657374`), this field contains a bit
  mask with the following flags currently defined:

  | Bit | Description |
  |-:|-|
  | `1 << 0` | This record contains a suite declaration |

>   | `1 << 1` | This record contains a parameterized test function declaration |

Reviewer: Perhaps consider evaluating the `Bit` column, it makes it easier to follow.

Author: e.g. `1 << 1 = 2`?

>   Other bits are currently always set to `0`, but may be used in the future.

Reviewer: Perhaps consider the following:

```suggestion
  Other bits are currently reserved and must be set to `0`.
```

> - For exit test declarations (kind `0x65786974`), this field is not used and
>   should be set to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For exit test declarations (kind `0x65786974`), this field is reserved
  and must be set to `0`.
```

> #### The reserved1 and reserved2 fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The `reserved1` and `reserved2` fields
```
